Add FAQ about federation (#245)
sa-tre/satre-specification: docs/source/faqs.md

We encourage TRE Operators and Builders to publicly evaluate their TREs against the SATRE specification; see {ref}`evaluation`. TRE Developers can use the specification and published TRE evaluations as a starting point. Some of evaluated TREs such as the Alan Turing Institute's "Data Safe Haven" and Dundee HIC's "TREEHOOSE" are deployed from open source infrastructure-as-code, and can be deployed by other institutions.

(support_federation)=

> ## Does SATRE support federation, interoperability, and related work?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Does SATRE describe approaches to TRE federation or interoperability of TREs?
```

> No, however SATRE can form the foundation for future standards and guidance on federation, interoperability, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, however it's intended that SATRE could form the foundation for future standards and guidance on federation, interoperability, and related work.
```

> No, however it's intended that SATRE could form the foundation for future standards and guidance on federation, interoperability, and related work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No. However, it's intended that SATRE could form the foundation for future standards and guidance on federation, interoperability, and related work.
```

> <!-- If you are interested in getting involved in these discussion please .... contact DARE? A federation WG? Another project? UKTRE mailing list? -->

Author: Would be good if we could refer people somewhere but not essential

Reviewer 3: Currently, I don't think it is clear who that should be. We could use the SATRE email inbox. Will that be monitored?

Author: It will be monitored, but is there anything we can say via that inbox that we can't say here? If not I think we're better off not giving a contact.
